Sandy Scandrett: Owning my own business,  my own franchise has improved every aspect of my life
Naresh Bhatt: I can manage my own schedule. I can manage my own time.
Matthew Wood: it's allowed me to dream bigger um, and think outside the box. It's also allowed a um, a comfortable revenue stream for me
Joy Batchelor: the revenue opportunities have helped us reach our financial goals
Sandy Scandrett: financially its just, it's bumped us up a notch. We can do a little bit more.
Sandy Scandrett: We can do more for my kids. Enjoy a, a nice vacation
Naresh Bhatt: every winter I could go skiing very easily. An an, it was not easy before when I was in a job.
Jim George: Well prior to having a UPS Store, my wife worked at home, she raised our three daughters
Jim George: and after our youngest daughter was in third grade, Pam, my wife decided she wanted to go back to work.
Jim George: She did not know what she wanted to do, she, but she knew she didn’t want to work that hard.
Jim George: She wanted to make good money, and she wanted to have a lot of flexibility and I said,
Jim George: I think you have to own the place if you want all of those things.
Greg Murray: for my wife and I ah, we had the three criteria. It needed to be interesting and challenging
Greg Murray: it had to be meaningful and it had to have the opportunity to be financially rewarding
Greg Murray: and The UPS Store fulfilled all those cur, criteria and we have not been disappointed in any of that.
Laura Griffin:  I've gone from being an employee of someone else to now I'm an employer of my associates.
Laura Griffin: Mm, it's a big responsibility but it's exciting every day.
Greg Murray: what The UPS Store has done for us is given us a lot of flexibility and a lot of control.
Greg Murray: Ah, we hire the types of people we want to hire. We motivate them the way we want to motivate them.
Greg Murray: We can reward them the way we want to reward them.
Greg Gagnon: I think the best part about owning your own business is being able to make some of your own rules
Greg Gagnon: and living a life by design rather than default.